I'm Wesley Morris and this is
Cannonball.
Last week on the show, we were talking
about the New York Times poll of the
hundred greatest movies of the 21st
century. And toward the end, I got a
little indignant about the idea that a
lot of the films on that list, fun,
smart movies based on an original
script, they just wouldn't get made now.
They'd be considered too risky. And we
can see that aversion to risk in the
industry's response to one of the few
risky movies that did get made by
Hollywood this year. Ryan Cougler's
Sinners.
When it came out in the spring, it was
sold to everybody as a vampire movie
with twin Michael B. Jordan's I'm
Getting in Line. But then you actually
get to the theater and you discover this
is a movie with a lot of ideas about
American race and history and music. The
two MBJs open a juke joint in Jim Crow
era Mississippi. And the music there is
so good that a trio of white vampires
show up at this club to bite some black
necks. So the vampires are vampires,
yes, but they're also a metaphor.
Sinners is the year's most popular movie
that's not a sequel, not a prequel, not
a reboot, not like there's been much
competition. And it should be a message
that we want more of this, more wild and
crazy, more risk. But the movie success
seemed to stun Hollywood and the people
who cover it as though they forgot
Cougler was the same filmmaker who also
made Two Black Panthers in the first
Creed.
As it turns out, this guy has got a
Spielbergian knack for crowd-pleasing.
Sinners hit HBO Max earlier this month,
and even though it came out too late for
anybody to put it on their 21st century
list, I'm bumping it up to the top of
your queue because it's something rare
now for a Hollywood hit. A movie people
still have a lot of feelings and
thoughts and questions about. I unpacked
a lot of mine with my friend Rebert
Brown not long after I saw it for the
second time in a movie theater. Here's
my conversation with Rem.
>> Reert. Hey Wes,
>> welcome to this show.
>> Thank you.
>> We have had this movie sinners in our
lives for a minute now. Uh the movie
came out in the middle of April, but you
saw it before everybody else did. So, I
saw it at a studio in um um a room with
like 15 other people because I got a
text from Ryan
and immediately I was like, "Wow." Like,
he still got my number. That's great.
That's
>> So Ryan Googler is inviting you to a
private screening in Los Angeles. I
understand. I profiled him and Michael B
simultaneously for New York Mag in like
2016. This is this is Creed era.
>> Yeah.
>> And you know continued to be colleial.
I remember watching it, not fully
sure why I was even there,
>> Mhm.
>> but thrilled to be there. And
when I got home,
my wife was like, "Tell me everything."
And I was
very much like, "Oh, this is going to be
a smash."
>> Oh, you knew. Well, I was like, you
know, the audiences that I thought would
be like super into it, I felt like were
going to be happy. What I wasn't
expecting, I saw it for a second time
and I was like, "Wow, a packed theater
in week four."
>> Yep.
>> Like that's I I didn't, you know,
doesn't happen a lot.
>> No. Oh, I mean, not for, okay, just to
reiterate, not for a movie full of black
people set in the 1930s
during Jim Crow, some of the Jim
Crowiest times in one of the Jim
Crowiest places, Mississippi. And you
know, at this point, it would have taken
an hour
>> for the thing that was advertised was
going to happen to begin to happen,
right? Which is the vampires. By the
way, I should just be clear. People are
wait people have gone to the vampire
movie to see the vampires do their
thing, but that takes an hour.
>> Takes an hour.
>> And I don't know about you, but they
could have done two hours of the first
hour and the vampires could never show
up.
>> I would have been like, "Great job,
Ryan." Like you you like the first hour
was
was a was an incredible character
building hour. You were invested in a
ton of people who were in that house by
the time the vampires got there.
>> You twins. Now we cousins.
>> Yeah. So, this is this is the two
brothers, Smoke and Stack, uh, who are
played both by Michael B. Jordan. Yet,
to say it again,
>> but basically, you know, what you're
watching for that first hour is these
two brothers procuring the stuff to to
fill the club, right?
>> Yeah. Yeah. I'm thinking we just set up
tonight, open up next weekend. Nah, [__]
that. Sky be tonight. Grand open and
start this [__] with a bang. Well, we
start with a misfire.
>> So, they buy the land, then they split
up and they're procuring the talent to
to to to play on Saturday night.
>> What can I do for you? We throwing a big
event tonight. What you need? I need
catfish for 100 people. They have to go
by the Chinese American stores um to
basically
get the catfish.
>> Yeah.
>> Get the catfish and the sign.
>> We going to need a sign, too. You think
Grace will be up to making us one?
>> When would you need it done?
>> Tonight.
>> And they need a sign made. And so by the
time you get to this club,
>> make this way, ladies.
Come on in. Welcome to Club Juke. You
about to get it popping like fish
grease, boy. you understand a lot of
things about this world, how special
what they're about to do is. And it's
kind of fun because it's being conducted
in the spirit of conviviality and good
cheer
>> and like like a time when you know it's
it's it's very hard to be black.
>> Yes. Um Jim Crow is all over town.
inside.
>> That old [__] worked his ass off with
them water nickels. See, these [__]
been working in the field all day. When
they show up here, let them enjoy
themselves.
>> They got to feel wanted if you want this
here to work.
>> And I think that the the one of the
things that I love about this movie is
that it's a movie in which the blues
plays a a central role, but it's the
it's also the blues as an idea, right?
which is not so much that that that life
is bad and life is terrible and life is
sad and there's racism everywhere and I
mean that's part of the blues but the
blues is also an ethos right
>> and the blues is about being alive and
having life in you and this movie is
really living this other idea of the
blues as a as a as a lifegiving force
rather than a life um a life burden
Yeah. I I feel like
blues is often
connected solely to like a darkness.
>> Yes.
>> It doesn't always carry it with it. Um,
oh, this is this is something that we
can gather and like,
>> you know, cleanse oursel um, you know,
like even if it's just for one night. I
will say that one of the powers of that
first hour is you meet one of these main
characters. There are three main
characters. Well, there's a lot of main
characters, but there's a third
protagonist basically alongside the
twins, and it's their cousin who's
played by Miles Kaitton. His name is,
the character's name is Sammy. He is a
preacher son who does sharecropping
during the week. But his passion, his
first love,
>> I've been working all week, pop.
Want to be free of all this for a day to
play music.
>> Is his guitar and playing music? And the
music of course is is preacher boy.
Exactly. That's his other name. Um is
the blues. And there's this moment while
they're gathering all the provisions and
all this other stuff to like like get
the get the night going.
>> They're on their in the car. He's with
one of the one of the twins and he just
starts playing.
[Applause]
[Music]
I don't know where in the world I'm in
traveling.
I don't know where the world I'm in.
>> And the look on this particular Michael
B. Jordan's face is like
>> it's really good. Kaching.
>> It's really good.
>> We going to make some money. We going to
make some money.
>> It's one of the lasting like visuals.
the the joy of like, "Wow, I just
>> I I I just found him is is
>> is pretty great."
>> And it's great to see a black person
have that reaction as opposed to the way
it historically would happen, which is a
white person seeing this person do
anything and be like, "Kaching." It's a
different thing when it's your cousin.
>> Yeah. So anyway, you get this little
lick of what this guy can do as a singer
and a guitar player, and you are certain
that the movie is going to let him do it
at the juke joint.
>> Yes.
>> So, in the middle of this opening night
at this juke joint,
>> Sammy gets his big number called I Lied
to You.
>> Well, I was just a boy about 8 years
old. You threw me a Bible on that
Mississippi road.
It's
>> so good. It is extremely hot the way he
says this. Well, the way he sings it,
he's like, "I lied to you."
>> Yes, I lied to you.
>> I love the blues.
>> I melted in my seat a little bit. I
wanted to hear four minutes of that. But
in the movie, the damnedest thing
happens. And it's what we now call the
scene.
>> The scene. I don't know about people in
your life, Rem, but like when people
talk about this movie, they only call it
the scene.
>> Yeah. I
I've I've gotten a couple texts
referring to it as the scene.
>> So, in the middle of I lied to you, I
love the blues,
>> what happens to you when you see the
first sign that something's up?
>> I like did a very hard squint. I was
like, "Is that Bootsy Collins?" Yes.
>> Blues wasn't forced on us like that
religion. Is magic what we do? It's
sacred
and big.
>> In the middle of this number, you're
getting a voice over from one character
about the the the ability of the blues
to pierce the veil between the present
and the past. And then you see who you
see what you describe as Bootsie except
Bootsie is playing electric guitar.
>> Yeah, the electric guitar. I was like,
"Oh, we have something is changing." It
was like in my ear and in my eye, but
something was changing.
>> There's a woman twerking at the catfish
station.
>> I love that.
>> There is an African drummer.
>> There's uh DJs. Now, meanwhile, all of
these people
are essentially
doing what they do in the eras in which
they did them alongside these people in
the 19 in 1932, right? So, the the so
the past and the future are comingling
um with the present.
>> That's when I was like, I'll I'll go
with it. I like let let's see what
happens next. By the end of this number,
the the juke joint is is burning down is
burning down and everybody inside the
joint is outside the joint still
partying, still having a great time.
It's just like a whole compendium
of black artistic expression happening
in the space of this juke joint
alongside the jukeers.
>> Yeah, it's it's like uh a black history
month program.
>> Ding.
I I did at some point ask myself like,
"Oh, okay. I see what's happening. Do I
like this?" And I was like, "I don't
know. I like I don't know." And, you
know, I took that into my second watch
of it. And it
it kind of
landed in a place of like, I'm glad this
happened. I wasn't like
>> moved necessarily by it, but I did think
it was a very cool thing to do.
>> What was not moving you about this
scene? Like what did you think was
what wasn't working for you?
>> I wasn't like, oh wow, like
black
music is forever. Like I I I didn't have
like a wow like
>> we really have
>> like made it far. Like I didn't have
like a um you know a very special
episode moment which I think is good
like you know not everything has to be
exactly for me
>> right one movie goer. Um, and
I think to other people seeing the film,
it could help them get to
the later points of the movie that
become clear with a scene like that. Um,
so I do I did think it did
>> a little necessary handholding,
>> but I just didn't think I I
remember needed my handheld. I was like,
"Yeah, I I I see what we're doing." Yes,
you need this moment to advance the plot
because what happens at the end of the
sequence,
>> you see uh white people outside. You see
the you see what we now know are
vampires
>> who have come because this music is so
good.
>> It's so alluring and it seems as if they
need it for their own survival. When I
first saw the trailer for this movie in
February watching a football game, I had
a hunch and I texted you about it.
>> You did?
>> Do you remember the hunch that I had?
>> Um, sorry. I was trying to find
um the text about the hunch.
>> Uh, February 11th. Uh, okay. Well, first
of all, is my Kendrick suspicion crazy
off? I don't want to put you on the
spot, but like what did you think I
meant the first time I asked you about
whether or not Sinners had anything to
do with or whether or not Kendrick
Lamar's Super Bowl halftime show could
have anything to do with Ryan Cougler's
vampire movie sinners? Well, you know, I
actually have
Ryan and Kendrick in a similar
bubble of black creativity
>> and art. And
um
you know, not just the like pushing
mediums forward, but
really being people that
black people seem to trust
>> about making art about black people. So
when I saw it, I was like,
Cougler, Kendrick.
Yeah. Like
I I think of them similarly. Uh-huh.
Uh-huh. And basically, I mean, now we
have to sort of relive the Super Bowl
halftime show, which is basically 13
minutes of Kendrick Lamar just taunting
like the entire nation.
>> Yes. The framing for the halftime show
is that there is this
Uncle Sam character.
>> Salutations.
It's your uncle Sam.
>> Played by Sam Jackson.
>> Played by Samuel L. Jackson. Yes. And
he's essentially exhorting Kendrick
Lamar.
>> No, no, no, no, no.
>> Not to cross any lines.
>> Too reckless, too ghetto. Because, you
know, one of the tensions in that during
that night was whether or not he was
going to perform Not Like Us.
>> Yes.
>> The song that is, you know, putitively
about Drake. I mean, there's no denying
that the song is about
>> Yes,
>> it is about Drake, but it is also about
Kendrick's relationship to to black
American art and blackness in
particular.
>> Yeah. It became a who side are you on?
and Kendricks became the side of
uh black people. Like that's that's what
the whole thing was about.
>> They not like us. They not like us.
>> It's what he's accusing Drake of doing,
which is, you know, in the world of the
song, it's being a colonizer. it is
coming and opportunizing
his relationships with black Americans
to
en enhance his credibility to to to
bolster his art um to derive inspiration
and you know by extension lots of money.
Those are the things that that Drake is
sort of like on trial for or like not
even on trial on in front of the firing
squad for.
>> Yeah. I guess like the modern
nonh horror movie version of vampires is
culture vulture.
>> Mhm.
>> Which, you know, I think
that it's important that
black people can be called out on this
as well.
>> Yeah. Yeah. You know, the same way black
people can get swept up by vampires,
some black folk have found a way to
capitalize
on black culture in a very
vampiric white way.
>> Uhhuh. Uhhuh. And and I think that's a
similarity between some of the stuff
Ryan is trying to say with centers and
Kendrick and his allout assault on a
man's career.
>> I mean his a man's everything really. I
mean
>> he really doesn't like Drake. He like
really doesn't like him. I mean my
suspicion with it sinners is this very
explicit idea of what a vampire is doing
in this movie. The vampires are
vampires,
>> but the vampires are also these culture
vultures as you put it, right? And one
of the modes of etiquette for vampirism
in this movie is that in order for these
vampires to to to enter the juke joint,
they need to be invited inside. They
need to get an invitation from someone
standing on the other side of the of the
threshold to come in. And you know, with
that in mind, with that piece of
etiquette in mind, I mean, I hate to be
this person, but like I think that in
like for Kendrick, Drake is a vampire
that we let in.
We invited him in and look what he did.
And you know, this is the part where I
guess I'm going to introduce for the
first time that we've been talking today
this idea of minstrel seat.
>> Yeah. I I I want to talk about it
>> because I think I think it's really on
Kendrick's mind in these accusations
that he's lobbing to Drake and it's very
much on the mind of this movie.
>> Yeah.
>> We meet the central vampire, this
character named Remick. He's played by
Jack Oonnell. He's a white guy and he
just flies into the frame at some point
outside this couple's house, knocks on
their door. They let him in and he winds
up biting them both and turning them
into vampires. And we can also see at
this point there is some clan attire and
they become as vampires a musical trio.
>> Yeah.
>> Hey there.
How may I help you folks?
>> Oh, we heard tale of a party
>> as a honky tonk trio.
>> Yeah. It's a it's a what I would
describe as a classic minstrel lineup,
right?
>> It is a fiddle, a guitar, and um a
banjo.
>> A banjo. Yeah. And they perform a song.
>> Oh yeah.
>> And the song is not an accident, I would
say. Um, it's called Pick Poor Robin
Clean. Now, on the surface, you know,
it's a vampire song. They're talking
about like, you know, eating bodies and
stuff.
I picked his head. I picked his feet. I
would have picked his body, but it
wasn't.
>> But this is also in real life an old
guitar rag from like the late 19th
century, maybe the early 20th century.
And it was recorded in the early 1930s
by an act called Kishi and LV.
>> That's the most famous iteration of this
song. It's by these two black women. And
they were doing this song around the
time that this movie is set. And this is
also on the soundtrack. I had not heard
that um version.
>> What's coming up for you?
>> I think the thing that comes up is
that to use modern uh slang, they tried
to invite themselves to the cookout.
>> Yes.
and did not have the necessary
identifiers or tools to uh receive said
invite.
>> But Rem, there is that moment though
where after they do this where after the
three minstrels do this the vampire
minstrels, by the way, the vampire
minstrels do this song. What? Somebody
on the other side of that door says
what? That wasn't bad. That wasn't bad.
Yeah, you're right. You're right.
>> You know what? They ain't half bad. I
did remember having this thought when I
heard that. It reminded me of like
growing up when like a white boy could
dance.
>> White boy
[Music]
like that chant would start. I'm like,
this feels like a kind of low bar.
Um, and that might be how we got to this
place. Like as commentary, it's like we
got too easily impressed. You know, you
hear people talking about how we should
have gatekept our culture better. like I
I've heard that
>> that sentiment and
I I think it's
if I look back at the last like 15 years
like hip-hop made it to the top and then
we got really excited about being at the
top and part of staying at the top is
letting in outside
forces
and you lose some of the
authenticity.
>> I mean, I I agree with you, but I also
think this movie is trying to offer
something really complicated about the
relationship between
black people and and white people when
it comes to making music. Because you
know, one of the things that Remick,
who's the lead vampire, is offering to
the folks in the in the club is
>> we we believe in equality and music. We
just came here to play.
>> Everything is equality in music in our
world. And if you come join it, I mean,
this is what you have forever. Like like
the like white people and the rest of
this in in this in this piece aren't
trying to offer you anything but death.
Yeah.
>> Or you know, not death because well, in
in dying for us, you could live forever.
But think about what it costs. It's
either like you stay in in your in your
flesh and live with Jim Crow or you give
us your soul. Yeah. And I when that
message got out, I was like, this feels
like someone acknowledging
that, you know, resisting
temptation from vampires is not like
it's a hard thing to do.
>> Like a lot of times like a really
delicious looking carrot will be
dangled. I mean, at some point, Robert,
we should just say what the vampires are
doing here. They are people who want a
sound that they think is great and a
culture that they think is is is
irresistible.
>> Yeah. And once the vampires,
you know, bite other people and turn
them into vampires,
we see their kind of like musical
collective
>> growth. I love that word. Yeah,
>> I love collective.
>> Towards the end of the movie, it like
the main guy Remick goes into like full
river dance.
>> Yes.
>> And it becomes like an Irish jig, which
you know
felt purposeful.
>> The fact that it was an Irish jig. They
aren't doing
uh you know the the the funkiest.
They're not doing yacht rock. They're
not doing their It's not the scene part
two starring like vampires,
>> right? Did you ever think that Remick is
like the devil? Like there's the thing
like his eyes lit up I think differently
like I think they were red or something
but he felt like the like a cult leader.
>> Mhm. Mhm. Mhm.
>> I I I didn't know what to do with him.
He just felt like a different type of
vampire.
I wonder
if the thing that you're identifying is
not so much the biblical devil as much
as it is
this moment
and what is on political offer for black
people from from people who don't who
claim to care about blackness, black
people, black culture, what what what
can be done for them. I think there's
something very MAGA in a weird way about
what Remick is offering. Um, which is
that, you know, it can't be worse than
Jim Crow what we're doing over here.
>> Yeah.
>> It's a deal with the devil even if he's
not the devil.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Well, you know that
sentiment
does take me back to a thought which is
like this movie feel even though it's
1932 set
it feels like a movie made in 2025
because of the things that are happening
in
>> in our real
world. It's like, you know, I was I was
laughing about this uh the other day,
but I I went back and saw just watched
that clip of Issa Issa Ray saying I'm
I'm rooting for everybody black.
>> Who are you rooting for tonight?
>> I'm rooting for um everybody black. I am
betting on black tonight. And I was like
just four years ago I feel like I kind
of was also I was like you know but I
think I hadn't seen enough people you
know kind of take the bait that Remick
is offering
>> which is like come over here like you'll
be more powerful you'll make more money
you'll get more attention you'll have
more fame like whatever you want it to I
feel like I'm like, "Ooh,
you know, I need to ask some more
questions like regardless of what you
look like." And I and I do feel like
that
was a message that I took away. What was
coming up for you in that moment? Like
think just making this equation between
these two between these two offerings.
Issa Ray sort of rooting for everybody
black and the this extension of um
I don't know kumbaya that Reik is
offering this fake this fake Kumbaya
that Reik is offering the people at the
juke joint.
>> Yeah. I mean I think MAGA is not a 100%
white thing.
>> Oh no.
>> You know like
>> that is an energy. It is an energy that
has an allure and makes people look at
their current life and be like, "Things
aren't going right. I should just do a
full 180."
>> Yeah. Some people are taking that bait
and it feels like a very similar bait
to the one that Remick is offering. He's
like, "Yo, like
the music is good. We got community." So
yeah, that's that that was the parallel.
>> I know what you mean. And I think that
there's a there's another version of
this movie in which Remick is the star
and he's going around this town making
this offer to people, right? Like door
knocking, knocking on doors asking
people to like let let him in. And
people are like, "Well, that sounds
pretty good to me." I mean,
>> yeah,
>> you know, I mean, I've got Jim Crow over
here or Eternal Life with you over here.
>> I guess I can do this jig for the rest
of my life. Do this jig. Think about
that. I mean, think about the the the
the dance like the dancing that you'd be
doing with Remick, too, right?
>> It's just like Michael Flattley, like
legs everywhere.
[Applause]
you know this there was a there was a
fight over this movie um between for
three studios were fighting about it.
Three studios wanted to make it.
>> Okay.
>> And eventually you know he went with
Warner Brothers and part of the deal is
that Ryan Cougler will get the rights to
this movie to sinners in 25 years. the
intellectual property of this movie will
belong to him
and I don't how old I don't know how old
that makes him in 25 years
>> he's 38 like 63 25 years a 63 year old
>> so this man who also has the option I I
mean the the possibility of making
sequels has essentially done something
unprecedented
um or very rare in the movie business
which is get the rights to his movies
back. A movie. This movie. This one
movie. And I mean I you live in Los
Angeles. I'm sure you felt the
reverberations. A when the deal got
made.
>> Yeah.
>> And B when people found out about the
deal. um which unleashed a strange
amount of
scorn and disdain and side eye
from a lot of people. People claiming
that the movie business was was over.
>> It was done.
>> And I'm like, "Oh, so now the movie
business is over."
>> Yeah.
>> Because this black man when he's 63
is going to get the rights to his movie,
>> to this one movie
so far. I mean beyond like loving that
for him I do
and this is I mean this is a personal
take but you know it's his fifth movie.
>> Mhm.
>> I feel like he's that's something that
you do for yourself but you also
do for other people.
>> Yes. Yes. Yes. It's one of the it it
signals out to the public, to the
culture, to black people like, "Hey,
>> this can be you, too."
>> Mhm.
>> You know, like
>> I can't do it for you, but like this is
a thing we can do. And yes, like it took
me
making two Black Panthers and a cre, you
know, to get there, but it felt like one
of those things that was bigger than
him. And the fact that it elicited like
such like there goes the neighborhood.
>> Yes.
>> Reaction.
>> Yes. Yes.
like kind of supports
the film and you know it kind of is like
well well there it is. Yes. I mean the
the other thing that we haven't really
mentioned is the carping about the
movie's opening weekend numbers and you
know it made $48 million its opening
weekend making it number one at the box
office. Now, ordinarily, this is not a
thing I would get into, but I just want
to be clear about what what exactly hit
number one at the box office. I just
want to remind us all what we're talking
about. We're talking about a a movie not
from a Marvel or DC property.
>> Yes.
>> Not based on something that was a hit 40
years ago.
>> Mhm.
>> By a black director set in 1932 in
Mississippi during Jim Crow about the
blues. Nothing about that happens every
weekend.
>> Nope.
>> Nothing about that is is a safe gamble.
There is some risk here. And the idea
that this movie, the fact that this
movie is as big a hit as it is,
it's telling me that we are hungry for
something,
it's it's telling me that there are
there are still people out here who are
just haters.
>> Yeah. Yeah. just like, well, I think
something like that happens and people
start thinking about their own future
and you're like,
>> you know, like,
does this replace me?
Does where do I fit in? I was like, oh,
some people in power are scared
>> Yeah.
>> about what this could lead to. And you
just like going back into a shorter time
capsule, like yes, it was important that
the Miami Heat
>> um posted an Instagram of their hoodies
up for Trayvon, but it was super
important that LeBron James, the un like
the biggest star in the league, was
doing that because it makes other people
feel like, oh, like I should speak up at
my job. It It kind of keeps
everyone focused on what the goals are
supposed to be, which is like
still
like freedom
>> y
>> for everyone. And I think I I felt very
motivated
by
both centers the art and also you know
like part of the deal is that he got
like final cut say on the movie and I'm
like that
>> felt as big as the 25 years thing.
>> You know like a black man is getting to
decide what his black movie looks like.
That feels huge.
>> And I think that the the best way to do
that is to have it come entirely from
your head, right? In your imagination.
>> I mean, when I, you know, leaving
Centers for the second time, I, you
know, walking through my AMC and, you
know, every movie on the wall is a
sequel.
>> And I'm like, this is different. This is
like a different moment. the idea that
that this man
I don't know what his career is going to
be like in 25 years, but like here is a
person who is who cares about this art
form and wants it to survive and knows
what it means for for him as an
African-American man to be a participant
in its proliferation and and its
longevity. like he wants a piece of that
that is more immediate than the opening
weekend gross.
>> Yeah.
>> And I think that
you know
the the reason why that's important is
signposted in this movie all over it.
This movie is about what Prince said
about owning your masters before they or
else they'll own you or else your master
will own you. I just found it both very
inspiring that
he got it done. But my takeaway wasn't
necessarily like, okay, Rem, so like the
new the new benchmark is owning your own
movie. It's like I haven't even made a
movie.
But it reminded me to keep my eye out
for the vampires. It reminded me not to
say yes to just anything. The things
that we make about black people are
important and like they are to be
consumed
by everyone but with care.
>> With care. Rem, we did it.
>> We did it.
>> We got to the bottom of sinners.
>> We did.
>> America,
Hollywood.
Um, thanks for doing this. I really
appreciate it.
>> Thank you for having me, my friend.
We'll always come back.
>> You did it. We're at the end of the
episode. Uh you're watching this on
YouTube. I would just ask that now that
you've made it here, just like and
subscribe if you haven't done that
already. Thanks a lot, and we'll see you
next week.